
14:24:06
May 17, 2018
Chamomile Park


	After having lunch, and reading over some documents that my lab partner Alice had sent me, I headed over to the empty school building where we did our work. A small portion of the stadium centered in the middle of the grounds caught fire a few years back, and with it being a prominently athletic institution, it struck a crippling blow to the area. Well, maybe not so crippling. The board pleaded for government support and they were able to gather enough funds to rebuild the school somewhere on the other side of the city. 
	This perhaps worked in our favor as we use the entire science wing as our own personal work space. I guess I shouldn't be throwing stones, we do receive most of our income working under federal grants. We're fortunate enough that a large portion of the organizations out there are still continually excited about advancing technologies.
	I passed quietly through the door into our main lobby, smirking at the usual scenes. The room was dark, only illuminated by my colleague's computer screen. Her silhouette blanketed most of my vision so one would assume that she was in deep reflection, staring intently at an important document...  or possibly a kinetic romance novel (an addiction of sorts for her), or possibly gaping over something else.
	Leaving her to own devices, I headed through to my own workstation. I removed my earpiece and connected it to the usb charger on the wall next to my desk. After gathering up a few pieces of work, I set everything aside and headed back into our makeshift lounge area situated in the old professor's office. I knew the longer I kept Shannon waiting the more irritated she would get, and having her in a bad mood was still a puzzling occurrence for me. She had been working with us for almost half a year already but I hadn't seen her upset until this morning. I was hoping I wasn't putting too much pressure on her.
	I found her sitting atop the large desk with a book in her lap, and a ball of yarn to her side. For some reason she had suddenly taken up knitting, watching video's online as a visual guide. It would be obvious to say I was surprised, but given her irrational way of thinking I wasn't all that worried about any of this. Her face lit up as I knelt beside her.
	“Welcome back!” she started, with an over dramatic grin.
	“Your later than usual, did anything happen after lunch?”
	“Not anything too exciting,”I began. She could be overly protective, but I really never did too much out of the ordinary. She always said that I should enjoy myself more, but i'm content with a certain sense of consistency.
	“So, what sparked the sudden urge to learn to knit?” I pressed with a warmhearted smile.
	“I'm not sure...” She began with a puzzled complexion.
	“I asked Alice, but she never gives me a straight answer. She said it was something called 'Jill too' and spurted out that it reminded her of something she forgot to do. She hasn't come back,” she continued, attempting not to pout. That alone was enough to make me smirk a little.
	“Well, don't worry about it, she can't help it.” I began again. She looked a little uneasy, but I wasn't exactly sure why.
	“Are your legs still bothering you? Do you need help getting back to the couch?”
	“No, not as much. I'm getting better I promise,” she blurted out. After her spill a few days ago she hasn't been able to keep her balance very well. She was very concerned with being self sufficient, and really hated asking for help.
	“Alright, don't push yourself though. If you need help let me know.” I started as I began to get up.
	“I'll be work...” I started as a small hand gripped the back of my shirt.
	“I'm on the last step, will you wait for me a minute?” She quietly spoke.   
	After a few minutes she finished, and we turned everything off and headed into the lobby. She laid down on the couch and began flipping through the channels of the television. Alice was still absorbed into whatever she was doing, and it didn't look like any work she was needing me to look over, so I left her alone.
	After about another hour of paperwork and analysis reports, I decided it was time for a break. Shannon was still watching a program on space exploration, something about creating an atmosphere on Mars. I sat in the reclining chair across the room from her and watched it with her, though to be honest I wasn't that focused on it. The way she acts, i'm surprised that she was focused enough to watch it anyway, but besides occasionally shooting glances my way she stayed pretty focused on it. After about 45 minutes into the program I fell asleep. 	